[jspi] Update the blog entry for JSPI. (#809)
v8/v8.dev: src/blog/jspi.md

Asynchronous APIs operate by separating the _initiation_ of the operation from its _resolution_; with the latter coming some time after the first. Most importantly, the application continues execution after kicking off the operation; and is then notified when the operation completes.

> For example, using the `fetch` Web API, Web applications can access the contents associated with a URL; however, the `fetch` function does not directly return the results of the fetch; instead it returns a `Promise` object. The connection between the fetch response and the original request is reestablished by attaching a _callback_ to that `Promise` object. The callback function can inspect the response and collect the data (if it is there of course).

Reviewer: IMO better than prefixing "Web" here would be to directly link to the MDN page of the API so there's no ambiguity.

JavaScript already has a well developed mechanism for representing asynchronous computations: the `Promise` object and the `async` function notation. The JSPI is designed to integrate well with this but not to replace it.

In particular, it is _not_ permitted to cause JavaScript code to be suspended by using JSPI.

### How can I use JSPI today?

> The JSPI is currently being standardized by the W3C WebAssembly WG. As of this writing, it is in phase 4 of the standards process. This means that the specification has been voted on by the W3C Wasm CG -- it is effectively standardized. In addition, it is available in Chrome as of M137, and in Firefox as of  version 139.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
JSPI is currently [phase 4](https://github.com/WebAssembly/meetings/blob/main/process/phases.md#4-standardize-the-feature-working-group) in the W3C WebAssembly WG. This means that the specification has been voted on by the W3C Wasm CG -- it is effectively standardized. In addition, it is available in Chrome as of M137, and in Firefox as of version 139.
```

> JSPI is available for Chrome on Linux, MacOS, Windows and ChromeOS, on Intel and Arm platforms, both 64 bit and 32 bit.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
JSPI is available for Chrome on Linux, MacOS, Windows and ChromeOS, on Intel and ARM platforms, both 64 bit and 32 bit.
```

> Below we show how you can use Emscripten to generate a WebAssembly module in C/C++ that uses JSPI. If your application involves a different language, not using Emscripten for example, then we suggest that you look at how the API works you should look at the [proposal](https://github.com/WebAssembly/js-promise-integration/blob/main/proposals/js-promise-integration/Overview.md).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Below we show how you can use Emscripten to generate a WebAssembly module in C/C++ that uses JSPI. If your application involves a different language, not using Emscripten for example, then we suggest that you look at how the API works by reading the [proposal](https://github.com/WebAssembly/js-promise-integration/blob/main/proposals/js-promise-integration/Overview.md).
```

Author: ack
